welcome to another video review today
I'm looking at the NZXT bunker you ask
the locking device now let's unbox this
product first have a look at the box
itself pretty plain looking box really
you know cardboard no fancy colors or
anything like that however it does look
bunkering there's lots of features and
specifications on the back of the box so
if you are picking this up in store well
you'll be able to get a better idea
about the product and this is a little
bit of a different product I'm not aware
that anyone else currently has this
product available just read some of the
information here on the back of the box
introducing the bunker NZXT s4 USB lock
system the first PC accessory contrived
for USB expansion and protection of
gaming accessories plug in gaming mice
keyboards headphones and lock it with a
sophisticated 20 key lock system and
durable locking door to prevent theft
you know for example on LAN parties and
schools and that type of thing ok let's
open it up and see what's inside the
device looks like keys as well here and
other things I'll open this up in just a
second this is the manual
so here is the device two keys and
screws four screws for mounting this in
the computers five and a quarter inch
drive bay now if you're looking at this
going huh okay let me try and explain
this to you as best as i can because
like I say this is a different product
and a very good one if you want to
secure your USB devices so here is how
this works it can be installed in any
case that has a free five and a quarter
inch drive bay all you would do is
connect this end into the motherboards
USB header then you would use the key to
swing this little door here open at the
front and then connect whatever USB
device you want to into here you can see
there's like a four USB hub let me just
unlock this you can see it pops open and
when you open this door the ports kind
of fly out to the front so then for
example you could put a USB thumb drive
in here and when you're finished just
push it back into place and and then
lock it you can see that it is secure
inside of this door and really nobody
can see it now that's a thumb drive but
it could be again any USB device let me
open it up again and connect something
else in here
this is a mouse just push it in if you
have two little tricky with with a cable
on this but you can still do it just
kind of push it right in and once it's
in you can see there's a little slot
here at the bottom for USB devices that
have cables on them lock into place and
it's secure if somebody was to try and
pull this out of the system well here's
what what happened they just simply
can't do it unless of course they rip
this front door off but in doing so they
might you know destroy the product
they're supposedly going to steal and
this is not only good to guard against
you know thieves or keep your USB
devices safe and secure but also in
sensitive areas you know where you don't
want people yanking out your devices or
your thumb drives or anything else that
you have connected into the USB port or
ports like for example kids now keep in
mind that you can only install devices
of certain lengths for example flash
drives of certain lengths because so
this will only go back so far and also
you know devices like keyboards and mice
that have connectors on them that are
certain lengths as well because
otherwise this front door you know will
not close I have to be honest when I was
first contacted about this product for
review I didn't know it was bunker NZXT
got a new product out maybe it's a case
no I went to the website checked it out
and after I did it made perfect sense
your USB ports are secure inside of this
device I don't know why anyone else has
not thought of this at least I don't
think anyone else has thought of this
perfect for schools or really any
application where you want to secure
your devices as long of course as the
connectors or the device itself is not
too long but overall this is a great
product until next time take care